{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Corn Bread With Roasted Red Peppers and Basil\
\
1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces  (8 tablespoons)\
1 cup onion, finely chopped\
1 3/4 cups yellow cornmeal\
1 1/2 cups flour\
1 tablespoon baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
1 1/2 teaspoon salt\
1 1/2 cups buttermilk\
3 large eggs\
1 1/2 cups grated Monterey Pepper Jack cheese, lightly packed\
1 1/2 cups canned corn, drained\
1/2 cup roasted red peppers, drained and chopped\
\
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Liberally butter a 9 by 13 inch pyrex baking dish and set aside. Cook onions in 1 tablespoon unsalted butter for 10 minutes and cool. In one bowl put cheese, corn, red peppers and basil. In another bowl mix together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl whisk together eggs and buttermilk and stir into cornmeal mixture. Combine this mixture with the cheese mixture and pour into prepared pan. Bake for 40 minutes. Let stand for 20 minutes before serving.\
\
\
\
\
Honey Corn Muffins\
\
1 1/2 cups cornmeal\
1/2 cup all purpose flour\
2 teaspoons baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon salt\
2 eggs\
1/4 cup butter\
1/3 cup clover honey\
1 1/2 cups buttermilk\
\
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Generously butter muffin tin and set aside. In a bowl combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt and mix well. In a measuring cup measure the buttermilk, add the eggs and blend together with a whisk or fork. Melt the butter in a small sauce pan and add the honey. Pour the buttermilk and egg mixture over the corn meal mixture and whisk together. Add the butter and honey mixture and whisk again. Pour into prepared tin and bake for 20 minutes.\
\
\
}